Lorenzo Scaturchio
Tajour Harris 
Brandon Escobar
Lab 1 Questions

TPS 2

How can you open a terminal from your Linux computer?

The way that you open a terminal in Linux is typing the command ctrl+shift+t which allows you to open as many terminals as you want.

 In the terminal how can you tell what is inside the directory?

You can use cd, and depending on what your current directory is, you can just find the path for Desktop using the ls command.

From your terminal, how can you navigate to the Desktop directory?

You can type in ls and find out what is inside the directory if you don't know the full path of the directory, you can type in pwd and find out

While you are in Desktop, let's create a new directory called CSE 31, how to do it?

You would use mkdir and then name is CSE_31

Your TA will “invite” one of you randomly to share what you have discussed.

Now navigate to the directory you’ve just created (CSE31), create another new directory called Lab_1here (Lab_1is inside CSE31)

In order to do that, you must first mkdir inside the CSE31 directory. In order to enter the directory, you would do cd CSE31 and then mkdir for Lab_1

You will be saving all the programs you create today in this directory.

TPS 3

Independently find 2 online references on how to use GCC in a Linux terminal.
Use the Ubuntu sudo apt-get build-essential command to install the necessary packages for C compiling.

Install packages through cygwin

Share with your partner what you have found and save your results in the bookmark of your browser. You will refer to these references to answer the following questions

What command do you type in the terminal to compile your main.c?

We use gcc main.c

How do you know if your file is compiled successfully?

If you run the ./a.out file, it should display or at the very least run your code, so you can test out your logic

What does the –c flag do in gcc?

It compiles and assembles files but does not link them

What does the –g flag do in gcc?

It is implemented as a tool for debugging the file that you want to compile and retain source information.
Example: 
	$ gcc -g myfile.c -o myfile
$ gdb myfile

How do you change the executable name from main to cselab1?

mv main.c cselab1.c

What happens when you compile by typing “gcc main.c” only?

When you only type in gcc main.c, what will happen is you will get compiled code but nothing will display.

Now, let’s run the program you’ve just compiled. What command do you use?

The command that We personally use is gcc main.c ; ./a.out

10.Your TA will “invite” one of you randomly to share what you have discussed.






